You know, we've been talking about times
when our loyalty has been put to the test.
And not to put you on the spot,
but didn't you have an experience?
Mm-hmm.
I did.
And I don't mind sharing.
It was when I was at that office job in the city.
It was just coffee as usual.
Karen, we're making some coffee.
Did you want some?
Oh, I love it.
The good stuff, right?
Oh, yes.
Thanks.
Boy, I can smell it.
And it's my bread treats.
It's wonderful.
Thank you.
But this time she started telling me about her problems at home.
So, John, he got a text message from his ex-girlfriend.
No, that must be very hard for you.
Yeah, it is.
You know, there are some things in the Bible
that have helped me in my marriage,
but I would love to show you.
I was excited about the chance to give a witness.
Hey, good morning.
Is that for me?
I know how you like it.
Oh, thank you.
From time to time, we talked,
kept the conversations brief.
And that was it.
Hey!
But over time, the conversations grew.
And husbands and family were often the hot topic.
And everyone had a few points.
If I may, there's some things on the scriptures that I think.
I still thought I could give a witness
and actually teach them something about Jehovah.
Honey, it doesn't work like that.
Oh, right.
Sorry, Karen.
Too much information, right?
You know, with a husband.
But in reality, I was the one being taught.
And I was a quick learner.
I was sure their thinking wasn't rubbing off on me
until one day when Robert called.
The girls knew that Robert and I had had a small disagreement
that morning.
And he was calling to apologize.
Although some of it was my fault.
Karen, did you want to get a little coffee?
If you don't want to talk to him now, then don't.
Besides, it sounds like he could use a little silent treatment.
I couldn't believe the effect the association was having
on my attitude and my marriage.
But what could you do?
You worked with them every day.
And you were able to give a witness sometimes.
But I had let it turn into regular, unnecessary association
that was spoiling my useful habits.
And that had to change.
I started keeping things friendly, but professional.
I was more cautious as I would be if they had invited me out
or if a male coworker had invited me to join him for a break.
So did that work.
It did.
And I was so relieved.
And so was I.
Jehovah gave us the good morals and habits that we have.
Exposing myself to bad association was being disloyal to him.
When I think how far we are now into the...
I'll sit out there.
It's not good.
Long, maybe an hour.
Is Kevin with you?
He said he's not coming.
Then he doesn't want to have anything to do with us anymore.
How sad.
Now, just far into the great tribulation.